Assignment 2

1. Stateful chatbots (60%)
In the previous homework you chatbots were stateless: there was no memory about what happened in the previous interaction turns. In this homework you will improve your chatbots with by implementing a finite state machine model of dialogue.
Study the code fsm.html and answer the following questions:

1.1 What is the shortest possible conversation, in number of dialogue turns? (10%)
	2

1.2 What is the longest possible conversation? (10%)
	4

1.3 Choose a task domain for your task-oriented chatbot. Design a flow chart of the interaction. State and discuss the design principles behind your interaction design. (20%)
	Domain: Making cocktails.
	Flow chart: see “fsm-task.jpg”
	Design principles:
		- Friendly
		- Limited drink selection

1.4 Implement the flow chart in code, by modifying fsm.html into fsm-task.html (20%).
	See fsm-task.html

1.5 Design a flow-chart for a non-task oriented version of your chatbot. State and discuss the design principles behind your interaction design. (20%)
	Domain: Small talk?
	Flow chart: see “fsm-nontask.jpg”
	Design principles:
		- Slightly biting/sarcastic
		- Affirming

1.6 Implement the flow chart in the code, by modifying fsm.html into fsm-nontask.html. (20%)
	See fsm-nontask.html

2. Reading: Read the following paper about grounding in communication with children (40%)
http://web.stanford.edu/~clark/2010s/Clark,%20H.H.%20_How%20to%20talk%20with%20children_.2014.pdf
Write an answer to the following questions:

2.1 What are different ways people adapt their speech to different audiences?
	People adapt their speech to different audiences in three ways:
    	(1) talking for others: speech is directed at a particular class of people
    	(2) talking to others: speech tailored to an individual person
    	(3) talking with others: speech that evolves collaboratively

2.2 What are different ways adults and children achieve grounding in the communication?
	Adults and children achieve grounding in communication through physical gestures (such as pointing), self-repair, other-repair, and providing evidence of understanding (like "m-hm").

2.3 How could you incorporate some of the knowledge into your chatbots from the part 1 of the homework?
	One way that grounding is already incorporated is through acknowledgement of understanding after a human utterance. Another way this knowledge can be applied is through other-repair if, for instance, in the fsm-task hears "shin and tonic" as the requested drink, it could suggest "gin and tonic" as the repair.
