Assignment 5

In the class this week we went through a typical design cycle of a task-oriented conversational interface:

1. Corpus. Build corpus of examples that are in-domain (related to the task) and out-of-doman (not related to the task).
2. Design. Design the interface (the chatbot) that covers (properly responds to) some in-domain utterances
3. Run. Run the whole corpus through the chatbot and label each example as correctly or incorrectly handled by the chatbot.
4. Compute TP (true positive), FP (false positive), FN (false negative), TN (true negative) rates, and Recall and Precision values.
5. Analyze errors (false positive and false negative cases) and redesign your chatbot to minimize them (go to Step 2).

In this homework you will go through this process at least 3 times, trying to improve your task-oriented chatbot.

Specifically:
1.1:
Come up with a balanced corpus of at least 20 utterances. The corpus is balanced if half of it is in-domain, and half is out-of-domain. Make sure the corpus is rich enough, namely, it's not too trivial to come up with rules that separate in-domain from out-of-domain. Any corpus that is representative enough of real conversation will be rich.

1.2:
Come up with a simple FSM that covers some of the in-domain utterances. 
Deliverable: FSM and code.

1.3:
Run (by talking to your chatbot or by analyzing the FSM) your corpus through your chatbot. Mark the performance on every entry of the corpus.
Deliverable: Table with 3 colimns: Chatbot performance (+ for correct, - for incorrect), ground truth (+ for in-domain utterance, - for out-of-domain utterance), and the utterance itself.

1.4:
Compute TP, FP, FN, TN, Recall and Precision measures for your chatbot. If your corpus is rich enough, both FP and FN should be non-zero. If they are zero, enrich your corpus with more complex examples to make it more realistic.

Repeat the procedure in attempt to reduce both FP and FN rates.

1.5 Go trough this cycle 3 times. In the end you will have a corpus and 3 different instances of each:
FSM+code
Table of performance of the chatbot on the corpus
annd the performance metrics (TP, FP, FN, TN, Recall, Precision)

1.6 Plot the 3 values of Recall and Precision for each of the chatbot versions on the ROC curve. Discuss which one would you pick as your final chatbot and why.

